Arkansas borders the Mississippi River, with abundant parks, mountains, caves, and hot springs. You’ll find no less than 50 state parks, 7 national parks, and 3 national forests – all of which are great for hiking, biking, kayaking, bathing, and other active adventures in nature. The Ozark–St. Francis National Forest attracts explorers looking to visit the Blanchard Springs Caverns, while the Hot Springs National Park has plenty of resorts with thermal baths containing naturally heated water. 
A road trip through Arkansas often leads you to many towns and cities, most of which have family-friendly attractions, historical sites, fascinating museums, and diverse shopping opportunities. There are also unusual activities you won’t find elsewhere in the USA, such as searching for real diamonds in the Crater of Diamonds State Park or exploring the ghost town of Rush in the Buffalo River National River Park. 
Unknown Facts about Arkansas:
1. Did you know that Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto was the first European to reach Arkansas in 1541?
2. Fur trader Henri de Tonty, the Father of Arkansas, founded the first European Settlement on the Arkansas River.

3. Arkansas got its name from French settlers in the region. The word “Arkansas” is pronounced with a silent “s” at the end.
4. Interestingly, it is against state law to mispronounce the word “Arkansas” while in the state.
5. Arkansas is also the only state in North America where you can find a diamond field. The largest diamond ever discovered in North America was found in Crater of Diamonds State Park in 1924. At 40.23 carats, it was named “Uncle Sam.” More than 33,100 diamonds have been found by park visitors since the Crater of Diamonds became an Arkansas state park in 1972.
6. The diamond mine is the only in the world that allows the public to keep what they find. Interestingly, a 13-year-old girl from Missouri found a 2.93-carat diamond in Crater of Diamonds State Park.
7. Did you know that diamonds are also Arkansas’ state gem?
8. Rice production is a billion dollar industry in Arkansas. No doubt, Arkansas is the largest producer of rice among the 50 states. 
9. Rice production reportedly began in Arkansas in 1902 with one acre of rice grown in Lonoke County. However, some historical records suggest that rice was grown in some parts of Arkansas prior to the Civil War.
10. Milk was named the state beverage of Arkansas in 1985 to not only highlight the benefits of milk consumption, but also pay tribute to the importance of the bustling dairy industry in the state.